Installation Documents Overhaul (#3)
unpoller/unpoller.github.io: documentation/docs/install/installmethod.md

---
id: installmethod
title: Install Method
---

## Chosing an Install Method

> There are two main methods to install the Unpollor 'suite' (Unpoller and accociated programs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two main methods to install the Unpoller 'suite' (Unpoller and associated programs)
```
